# LemonWayClient::MoneyInInput

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**card** | [**CardInfo**](CardInfo.md) | Card informations. | 
**is_pre_auth** | **BOOLEAN** | **Atos only**  Indicates if the request is delayed and will require validation.  1. If true, payment will only be pre-authorized, you will have to call MoneyInValidate within 6 days or [delayedDays] in order to request the card debit.  2. If empty, the default behavior is no delay and no validation necessary (unless stated otherwise in your contract).  3. If false, the card will be debited without delay and without validation necessary. | [optional] 
**delayed_days** | **Integer** | **Atos only**  if isPreAuth is not true, this will be ignored.   Please use with caution, if delayedDays &amp;gt; 6, it is possible that the payment will be denied when you try to validate it, because a new authorization will be made. | [optional] 
**special_config** | **String** | Leave empty. | [optional] 
**reference** | **String** | Unique ID of the call, generated by your WHITE BRAND server. This ID can be used as a search field when looking for operation details | 
**account_id** | **String** | Payment account ID to credit. | 
**total_amount** | **Integer** | Amount to debit.  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents. | [optional] 
**commission_amount** | **Integer** | WHITE BRAND fee.  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents. | [optional] 
**comment** | **String** | Comment regarding the transaction. | [optional] 
**auto_commission** | **BOOLEAN** | If true:  1. [amountCom] will be ignored and will be replaced with LEMON WAY&#39;s fee.  2. The WHITE BRAND will not receive any fee. | [optional] 


