# LemonWayClient::MoneyInWithCardIdInput

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**is_pre_auth** | **BOOLEAN** | Indicates if the request is delayed and will require validation.  1. If empty, the default behavior is no delay and no validation necessary (unless stated otherwise in your contract).  2. If true, the payment is pre-authorized. You will have to call MoneyInValidate within &#39;delayDays&#39; time lapse (From J to J+delayDays).  3. If false, debit is immediately effective.  Only available for Transactpro, Atos V2 and Payzen. | [optional] 
**delayed_days** | **Integer** | Indicate the number of days of the deferred payment. Between 0 and 6 days to have a guaranteed payment.   Only usable with isPreAuth &#x3D; 1.  Only available for Transactpro, Atos v2, Payzen, Monetico. | [optional] 
**special_config** | **String** | Leave empty. | [optional] 
**reference** | **String** | Unique ID of the call, generated by your WHITE BRAND server. This ID can be used as a search field when looking for operation details | 
**account_id** | **String** | Payment account ID to credit. | 
**total_amount** | **Integer** | Amount to debit.  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents. | [optional] 
**commission_amount** | **Integer** | WHITE BRAND fee.  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents. | [optional] 
**comment** | **String** | Comment regarding the transaction. | [optional] 
**auto_commission** | **BOOLEAN** | If true:  1. [amountCom] will be ignored and will be replaced with LEMON WAY&#39;s fee.  2. The WHITE BRAND will not receive any fee. | [optional] 


